this video is brought to you by the
Intel Core i5 46 70k unlocked processor
add an Intel 520 series SSD to your
Haswell system for unbelievable overall
performance welcome to a very special
outdoor unboxing I basically dragged a
dining room table out into the yard with
me and we are going to be checking out
the tte Sports by Thermaltake nook ernow
I originally thought that said knuckler
and so my initial impression was really
a keyboard that you operate like this no
probably not actually
so the Nook er is a plunger gaming
keyboard which got me pretty excited
about it and the reason for that is that
plunger switches are a type of keyboard
switch that I have never encountered
before so they are a sort of like
they're a membrane switch okay so to be
clear these are not a mechanical switch
but they have been engineered and
integrated into this keyboard by the
Thermaltake team in an effort to
simulate the tactile experience of a
mechanical switch with a membrane switch
that is obviously coming in at a lower
price point than what you would pay for
a mechanical keyboard such as the mecha
g1 which is also a thermaltake keyboard
so in terms of included accessories
we've got some replacement key caps so
they give you WASD key caps as well as
your arrow keys that you can replace on
the keyboard as well as a key cap puller
alright come in a little baggy like that
we've also got the keyboard itself as
well as a thermal take TT esports battle
dragon sticker and then the manual which
hopefully you don't need for a keyboard
because I'm going to tell you everything
you need to know about the nutter in
this particular video it has a couple of
unique features okay so there's the
plunger switches which are kind of like
what they're saying and I haven't tried
them yet I haven't touched this keyboard
yet what they're saying is that it's a
lighter mechanical switch feeling at a
lower cost it's only 15 million key
presses for the total sort of rated
endurance compared to 50 million for a
Cherry MX which but they should be a
lighter and therefore more comfortable
for some people now there's a couple
other unique things check out these S
buttons here
those actually changed the repeat rate
of the keys so you can go anywhere from
1 X - 8 X by holding function s1 s2 s3
s4 this looks like a feature that was
actually built specifically for one of
their sponsored gamers which is very
cool because a lot of companies talk
about how they work with sponsored
gamers to design their peripherals but a
lot of the time it really feels like the
company designed the peripheral and then
went and searched for gamers to put
their stamp on it not going to name any
names of course so I'm a plunger switch
offers response feeling like a
mechanical switch enhanced anti-ghosting
function look for up to 12 keys with USB
and 16 keys with ps2 oh yeah and that
repeat rate changer only works with ps2
plunger switch enables excellent gaming
USD with life expectancy up to 15
million keystrokes so let's look at this
they also say they're quieter than
mechanical switches they sound about
like blacks to me so in terms of the
audible level here I want you guys to
I'll get my mic in nice and close ok so
they sound about like a cherry MX black
which is a very very quiet mechanical
key switch by comparison sort of
compared to other ones maybe even closer
to Reds the other sort of a unique
feature is function f12 illuminates the
battle dragon down here and other than
that it's a fairly standard keyboard
layout this right here is a cardinal sin
though for me long shift Keys long enter
keys and long backspace keys are a
requirement for for forgetting sort of
the line of seal of approval because I
have small hands and here if you
actually we're going to switch places I
think this is known as crossing the axis
am I am I right barrel so what happens
for me is when I'm on the home row here
if I reach here I can you can already
tell from the limited flexibility in my
hands I can barely reach this let alone
this like my hand will move from the
home row see that that L I'm not able to
keep my finger on there so that's that's
a problem for me but it might not be a
problem for you especially if you have
larger hands than I do and let's get
impressions of the sort of the back of
the keyboard you got your little razors
here this is good I love it when
manufacturers include this where you've
got a little rubber piece here
along with the rubber piece here so it
actually doesn't slide even when you
elevate it a little bit the wrist rest
is non-removable on this keyboard and
that's probably at least partly due to
the fact that this is illuminated and
let's get some impressions of the actual
keys here so they do feel like they have
a tactile bump they definitely do
are they mechanical key switches are the
replacement for chemical mechanical key
switches see you've probably never seen
anything quite like this before no they
were bound very quickly though which is
nice a feature of membrane keys so
that's that's something that we kind of
expect to see they have a very it feels
like a shorter journey not a shorter
travel hard to say but they have very
small key caps and if I had to complain
about something on the keyboard then it
would be that the key caps have a bit of
a wobble to them you see that so while
the actual plunging of the key switch
feels more like a mechanical usually a
cherry MX keyboard tends to have tends
to have a bit of a tighter fit on the
key caps can you see that b-roll usually
tends to have a tighter fit on the key
caps because right now it feels a little
bit unsteady like if I press on one
corner of that key there's more
resistance whereas if I press it
directly then there's less resistance
that said I don't think this would slow
down my loop my typing in anyway so
that's not really going to be points up
actually it feels very natural to type
on there using a unique cyan print on
the key caps themselves so it's dot
doesn't have white printing on it it has
kind of a blue color printing on it that
looks quite unique and I guess it's
probably conclusion time at this point
so what is the nook er it's a very
unique keyboard it's definitely better
than other mechanical keyboards from
what I've felt in my limited time with
it I can already tell you guys there's
no question there it is closer to the
mechanical experience it doesn't offer
the same durability and it doesn't have
the same kind of build quality that
you'd get with something like a mecha g1
but it is better than other mechanical
keyboards so it's kind of like how you
know the Logitech G 15 gen one holds a
special place in many gamers hearts
because even though it was a mechanical
keyboard
was a cut above mechanical keyboard
compared to the other stuff out there so
I guess that makes them kind of similar
better membrane keyboards is this a good
thing yeah probably because not
everyone's going to be able to drop 80
bucks on an entry-level mechanical
keyboard eighty to a hundred dollars
some people are just going to stick with
membrane so we'd rather they at least
have a better membrane keyboard thanks
for checking out this unboxing and first
look don't forget to subscribe - tech
tips for more unboxings reviews and
other computer videos